sethandler <C-2> a:ide
sethandler <C-S-2> a:ide
sethandler <C-6> a:ide
sethandler <C-S-6> a:ide
sethandler <C-A> a:ide
sethandler <C-B> a:ide
sethandler <C-D> a:vim
sethandler <C-E> a:ide
sethandler <C-F> a:ide
sethandler <C-G> a:ide
sethandler <C-H> a:ide
sethandler <C-I> a:vim
sethandler <C-J> a:ide
sethandler <C-K> a:ide
sethandler <C-L> a:ide
sethandler <C-M> a:ide
sethandler <C-N> a:ide
sethandler <C-O> a:vim
sethandler <C-P> a:ide
sethandler <C-Q> a:ide
sethandler <C-R> a:vim
sethandler <C-S> a:ide
sethandler <C-T> a:ide
sethandler <C-V> a:vim
sethandler <C-W> a:vim

set number
set relativenumber
set ignorecase
set smartcase
set surround
set ideajoin
set ideamarks
set clipboard+=unnamed
set clipboard+=ideaput
set visualbell
set noerrorbells
set highlightedyank
set idearefactormode=keep

let g:highlightedyank_highlight_duration="250"

nnoremap <C-u> <C-u>zz
nnoremap <C-d> <C-d>zz

map gI <Action>(GotoImplementation)
